For the second lesson in this course,
we will be going over some concepts,
I guess, or some general information
that we felt would be pertinent
to this particular course as a whole.
Multimedia, right?
>> Right.
>> So
first we got Multimedia Computing and
Classification.
So it's kind of like taking multimedia,
breaking it down to a few
of its components and trying to,
hopefully, explain a little.
>> Yeah.
Things like file formats or how it's used.
Get a little deeper into it.
The importance of multimedia, all right?
So, I know you've all thought about
it at least once in your life.
How our world is just so
enveloped with what we have
around us especially multimedia.
Everything that we absorb from
the television, from the internet,
from everything that's around us.
Driving forces in multimedia, the things
that are kind of pushing it forward.
Multimedia applications, going to talk
to you about maybe some examples.
>> Yeah, giving you a little
introduction to multimedia applications,
because later on we're going to be
developing on tiny little multimedia
application for everyone.
>> Yeah, and then we'll kind of
talk about working with libraries,
using among them on
the DragonBoard 410c here.
Randy?
>> Yeah, as I mentioned before
in the previous lesson,
we talked about how to use libraries so
you don't have to say,
we implement something that's
aren't done by someone else.
>> Yeah, that's actually really built
really cool application for you.
So, Randy and the team built
something really nice for you and
we'll be demonstrating and
then providing code to you for.
So, stay tune.